What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	when i initialize a repository i notice that it initializes an empty git 
	repository in the folder. i need to do it to be able to commit my files and
	to track down the history of my files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	staging area is where you add the files you want to commit while working 
	directory contains the original files that may have or not been added to the 
	staging area.
	The value i think it offers is the ability to select the you want to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	You can use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
	change by adding one file from the working directory to the staging area and
	then commiting it.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized in 
	cases where you have to try out something different or new.
	Branches help to keep your work organised so u can collaborate with your 
	self and other people, it also give the ability to switch and work on something 
	else.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams help me visualize the branch structure by knowing where each 
	branch is incase i want to switch to a specific branch especially an on 
	reachable commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The result of merging two branches together is having one commit that stores
	information about both of its parent commit. Its represented in the diagram
	so we could have a better understanding of each commit and branches. 

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	The pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
	manually are:
	-Automatic merging may merge file which you had no intention to merge 
	while manually is been done by yourself when you wan to
	-Automatic merging may lead weird congallmorate changes that do not make sense
	while manually will not lead to that because its been done by you 
	-Automatic merging saves you from the stress of committing your work
	while manually must be committed by you
