When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I will want to use a remote repository rather than keeping it local, 
    when i want to share my work with a group of people

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    The reason why i will always pull my changes manually is to always have 
	control over my local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    -Forks is copying a Github repository to your Github repository, it is like 
	 cloning a repository but on Github. It is used when you want to have  
	 someone elses project on Github.
	-Clones is copying a Github or a local repository to your local repository.
	 It is used when you want to copy a remote repository or local repository
	-Branches is given a name to a commit id so you can refer to it anytime you
	 want to. It is used when you want to try something new on your project with
	 out the fear of loosing its main purpose.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
	stored locally is fact that you can understand the changes made on your 
	Github repository and know if you we like to incopurate the changes to your
	local repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    -It would be easier to collaborate without using Git or GitHub if you don't 
	 have internet access and also if u are not familiar with Git or Github.
	-It would be harder to collaborate without using Git or GitHub when you are 
	 far away from your team members, when you want an organized and 
	 well detailed work and also when you need to use a project from Github as a
	 reference or guildline to your work.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    The benefits each approch have are:
	-you can break u code without the fear of lossing it.
	-you can experiment on u project in another branch to try out something new
	-you can create an alternative way for the app u are building eg. like an 
	 easy mode in terms of a game app.
